+------------------------------------+
|             AI Changes             |
+------------------------------------+
	
Ability Knowledge:
	In Vanilla, the AI cannot see the target's ability unless it is revealed with a text box (such as an immunity ability triggering). 
	When choosing moves, it guesses which of a Pokemon's possible abilities it has, causing it to often attack into immunities. 
	In addition, if the AI does see an ability activate, it will assume that ability is in play until another ability activates, 
	even if the Pokemon faints or switches out. This leads to abusable and often random behavior!

	As of this patch, the AI will now always see your ability and choose moves accordingly. 
	The AI will never attack into an immunity, and will no longer see abilities that are not in play (fixing Immunity Switch Bug)



Switch In Logic:
		The AI is capable of seeing the correct BP for moves when determining switch order, taking into account relevant factors for the effectiveness and base power of the move.
			§ The correct BP for knock off depending on if the target is holding an item
			§ The correct BP for acrobatics depending on if the user is holding an item. Sees max power if the held item is a flying gem.
			§ The correct BP for Electro Ball, doubling if the user is faster than the target 
			§ The correct BP for Gyro ball, doubling if the user is slower than the target. 
			§ The correct BP for Venoshock, doubling if the target is poisoned
			§ The correct BP for Barb Barrage, Beat Up, Hex, Infernal Parade and Bitter Malice: doubling in BP if the target is afflicted with volatile status
			§ The predicted BP for Avalanche, Payback, and Revenge, using the doubled power if the user is slower than the target.
			§ The correct BP for multi-hit moves. Uses the minimum number of hits possible (2 for Tail Slap, for example). Accounts for Skill Link and Loaded Dice. 
			§ The correct effective BP for autocrit moves, doubling their BP. Boosted by another 50% if the user has sniper, and not boosted at all if the target has battle or shell armor (if the Pokemon doesn't have Mold Breaker / Turboblaze / Teravolt / Ability Drill / Tera Drill)
				There is also a check for Lucky Chant and for the Defense Curl conditionflag.
			§ The correct BP for retaliate
			§ The correct BP for Wake Up Slap and Dream Eater, doubling their BP vs. sleeping targetgs
			§ Modified BP for Solar Beam and Solar Blade; these moves are seen as 0 BP if outside of sunlight, not holding a power herb, or the user does not have the ability chlorophyll, flower gift, or solar power. 
			§ Modified BP for Electro Shot; if the user does not have a power herb and it's not raining, halves the BP
			§ The correct BP for Flail, Water Spout, Eruption and Reversal
			§ The correct type and BP for Natural Gift based on the user's held berry. If no berry is held, treats it as 80 BP normal.
			§ The correct type and BP for weather ball depending on the weather.
			§ Accounts for abilities that change the types of moves, such as Galvanize or Refrigerate, and their increase to a move's base power.
			§ Sees the correct move that would be called for Nature Power, and its associate BP and effectiveness
		The AI treats the BP for Explosion and Self-Destruct as 0.
		The AI Accounts for STAB when determining the BP of a move. Pokemon with Savant (renamed Protean) will see STAB on all their moves.
		The AI accounts for Technician when determining the BP of a move
		The AI can see the correct effectiveness for abilities and moves that bypass the traditional type chart:
			§ Chip Away (Always neutral damage)
			§ Sacred Sword (Neutral on ghosts)
            § Relic Song (Neutral on ghosts)
			§ Freeze Dry (SE on water)
			§ Sky Uppercut (SE on flying)
			§ Corrosion (all poison moves SE on steel)
			§ Scrappy (fighting and normal neutral vs. ghost)
			§ Inner Focus (psychic neutral vs. dark)
		The AI accounts for abilities that provide pseudo "resistances" or super effectiveness unless the attacker has Mold Breaker, Teravolt, Turboblaze, or Neutralizing Gas. Or if the attacker is holding 
		an Ability Drill or Tera Drill.
			§ Tenacity (Tinted Lens)
			§ Thick Fat
			§ Heatproof (now reduces fire damage by 75%)
			§ Slush Rush (now reduces ice damage by 50%)
			§ Swift Swim (now reduces water damage by 50%)
			§ Sand Force and Sand Rush (now reduces Rock damage by 50%)
			§ Justified (now reduces Dark damage by 50%)
			§ Toxic Boost (now reduces Poison Damage by 50%)
			§ Dry Skin (now increases Fire Damage taken by 100%)
		The AI Accounts for all immunity abilities if the pokemon who's attacks are being checked for switch in does not have Mold Breaker, Teravolt, Turboblaze, or Neutralizing Gas. Or if the attacker is holding an Ability Drill or Tera Drill.
			§ Water: Storm Drain, Water Absorb, Dry Skin
			§ Ground: Levitate
			§ Fire: Flash Fire, Well Baked Body
			§ Electric: Volt Absorb, Lightning Rod, Motor Drive, Thunder Armor
			§ Grass: Sap Sipper
			§ Amplifier: Sound-based Moves
			§ Wind Rider: Wind based moves
				□ Wind Moves now includes Fairy Wind, Ominous Wind, Silver Wind, Air Slash, and Diamond Storm
			§ Bulletproof: Bullet and bomb moves
        
        NOTE: Switch AI can be altered when the opponent's team has a Pokemon with the Illusion ability. An Illusion Pokemon has a chance to switch in when it's not the
        highest BP pokemon, and it has a chance to NOT switch in when it is the highest BP pokemon. 



AI Damage Calculations
	In Vanilla, the AI simulates the damage of each move to inform its move choices, typically choosing highest damage. 
	It is able to see how abilities and items can impact damage calculations, but can't see the special effects of moves.

	As of this patch, the AI is able to see the full damage of most moves during the damage simulation: 
		The AI treats multi-hit moves as landing the minimum possible number of hits, accounting for Skill Link.
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of auto-crit moves unless the target has Shell or Battle Armor or is affected by Lucky Chant or Defense Curl.
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of status boosted moves like Hex and Venoshock if the target is under a status condition.
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of Dream Eater and Wake Up Slap vs. Sleeping Target
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of Facade if the user has a volatile status condition.
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of Acrobatics if the holder has no item, or is holding a Flying Gem.
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of Brine against targets at or below 50% health.
		The AI doubles the perceived damage of Weather Ball while weather is active, and accounts for the change in Typing.
		The AI accounts for moves that bypass the type chart like Freeze Dry and Sky Uppercut, using the modified type effectiveness.
		The AI can see the move that would be called by Nature Power or Copycat, and calc using that move respectively. 
		The AI can see the correct power of speed-based moves such as Electro Ball, Payback, or Gyro Ball.
		The AI can see the correct power of health-based moves such as Flail, Water Spout, or Reversal. 
		The AI can see the static damage of moves like Night Shade or Super Fang. 

	In addition, when choosing a move the AI treats all "two turn charge" attacks as having 0 BP if the conditions for instant 
	charge (weather/power herb/etc) are not met. This does not apply to Skull Bash and Meteor Beam.



Move-Lock Switch Conditions
	In vanilla, the AI has rudimentary logic for mid-battle switches, and with choice items or encore can be rendered useless with simple pivots.

 	Now, when locked into a move via Encore or Choice item, the AI is likely to switch out. The conditions are: 
 		If the target is immune to the locked move via type or ability, guaranteed switch out (unless no other pokemon can deal damage)
 		If the move deals 10% damage or less, it is extremely likely to switch out.
		If the move deals 25% damage or less, it is very likely to switch out.
		If the move deals 50% or more of the target's remaining health, it will not switch out.


Switch Out Conditions:
	The AI has a chance to switch out of battle into another Pokemon if it sees it deals negligible damage to all Pokemon the field. 

	If the AI cannot deal more than 10% damage to any Pokemon on the field, it has a 15% chance to switch out of battle, raising by 2% for each turn they've been in battle.
	If the AI cannot deal more than 25% damage to any Pokemon on the field and has been in battle more than 4 turns, it has a 10% chance to switch out of battle, raising by 1% for each turn they've been in battle.




Move Selection: 

//    PRIORITIZE EFFECTIVENESS 
  	Effectiveness:
        AI has been updated to properly see immunities for types, sound, bullet, powders, wind, etc.


    Sleep:
        The AI checks for Mist, which causes it to Reduce Score by 10
        The AI checks for Shed Skin, which gives a high chance to reduce Score by 10 
        The AI checks for Lum Berry and Chesto Berry, which gives a high chance to reduce Score by 10 unless the attacker has Unnerve.


    Dream Eater:
        No longer has any specific AI behavior.


    Stat Lowering (Attack):
        Now checks for defiant, which reduces score by 10
        Now checks for Scrappy, which reduces score by 10
        Now Checks for Hyper Cutter, which reduces score by 10
        
    Stat Lowering (General):
        Now checks for Contrary, which reduces score by 12 
        Now checks for unaware, which reduces score by 12 
        Now checks for Safeguard, which reduces score by 10 
        Now checks for white herb, which has a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has Unnerve 

    Apply Poison: 
        Now checks for Shed Skin, which reduces score by 10 
        Now checks for Mist, which reduces score by 10 
        Now checks for Lum Berry and Pecha Berry, which has a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has unnerve 


    Mist / Safeguard:
        Now check for the other field effect before using (since they do the same thing now)


    Apply Confusion:
        Now checks for Mist, which reduces score by 10 
        Now checks if the defender has the Psychic type, reducing score by 10 (Psychic types cannot be connfused anymore)
        Now checks for lum berry and persim berry, which has a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has Unnerve 


    Apply Paralysis:
        Now checks for Marvel Scale, Guts, Quick Feet, reducing score by 10 
        Now checks for Mist, which reduces score by 10
        Now checks for lum berry and cheri berry, which has a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has Unnerve 




    Block / Mean Look:
        Now checks for if the defender has Run Away, reducing score by 12 if so 
        Now checks if the defender has Shed Shell, reduding score by 12 if so.


    Curse:
        For Ghost type effect, now checks if the target has the Normal type, reducing score by 10 if so.


    Attract:
        No longer has a gender check.
        Now checks for Mental herb, which gives a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has unnerve.


    Stockpile / Spit Up / Swalllow:
        Now properly checks to see if the user is holding a berry, reducing score by 10 if not. 
        If the user is holding a stat-raising berry, much higher chance of getting a +2 to Score 


    Will-o-Wisp 
        Now checks for Mist, reducing score by 10 if so 
        Now accounts for Heatproof, Rain Dish, Well Baked Body
        Now checks for lum berry and rawst berry, which has a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has Unnerve 


    Knock Off:
        No longer deprioritizes Knock Off if the target isn't holding an item. 

    Healing Wish:
        No longer heavily deprioritizes this move if there isn't a damaged or status'd pokemon in the party.
        This is to account for the new functionality which provides an Omniboost to the incoming pokemon.

    Fling / Psycho Shift:
        Accounts for all the changes in status immunities mentioned above.

    Gastro Acid: 
        Much More likely to go for Gastro Acid to nullify an immmunity to one of the user's types. 

    Captivate:
        No longer has a gender check.
        Now checks for white herb, which has a high chance to reduce score by 10 unless the user has Unnerve 


        




















//    EVALUATE DAMAGE 

    Priority:
        If the AI sees kill with Priority, it only receives a boost to the score if its slower than all enemies on the field. 

















//    EXPERT 

    Explosion
        Now receives a -1 to score if at full health. 
    

    Stat Raising Moves:
        Checks if the enemy has Unaware, which reduces the score by 2 

    Stat Lowering Moves:
        Checks if the target has Unaware, which reduces the score by 2.

    Speed Lowering Attacks:
        Damaging moves that lower speed no longer have a score reduction if faster than the target.
        They can still receive a situational +2 to Score if slower than the target, however. 
    
    Protect 
        Checks to see if the opposing Pokemon has Dig, Bounce, Shadow Force, Fly, or Dive. If so has a 50% chance to reduce score by 2 
        Can no longer double-protect. 
    

    Endure
        No longer uses Health Thresholds to impact chance to use move. 
        Will only ever use endure if it sees an incoming attack that has a KO. 
        Additional chance to use endure if the AI is holding a pinch berry, has flail, or reversal.

    Charge Moves:
        No score bonus for Solarbeam in Sun. Rejoice! 
        Sky Attack, Skull Bash, Electro Shot and Meteor Beam now check if the user will be one shot by the enemy pokemon (and doesn't have a power herb), reducing score by 12 if so
        If the user takes 33% or less damage from the opposing pokemon however, has a 75% chance to increase score by 2. 
    
    Spit Up
        Has a small chance to increase score by 1 if holding a stat boosting berry. 
    
    Revenge / Payback / Avalanche:
        These moves now all function like Payback, getting a damage boost when the user moves second. 
        They no longer have a situational chance to raise score. 
    
    High Jump Kick
        Move has its score reduced by 2 90% of the time if the pokemon it is fighting has the move protect. 

    Overheat: 
        These moves are no longer dissuaded on low health users. 
    
    Brine / Payback:
        All AI scoring removed. 

    Magnet Rise: 
        Has a higher chance of using the move if the opposing pokemon has a Ground move and the move-user belongs to any of the following species:
            	species.magnezone
                species.magnemite
                species.magneton
                species.electrode
                species.voltorb
                species.bastiodon
                species.shieldon
                species.garbodor
                species.trubbish
                species.magby
                species.magmortar
                species.magmar
                species.probopass
                species.corsola
                species.roggenrola
                species.boldore
                species.gigalith
                species.magcargo
                species.slugma
                species.heatmor
                species.klinklang
                species.klang
                species.klink
                species.muk
                species.grimer
                species.manectric
                species.electrike
                species.plusle
                species.beldum 
                species.metang 
                species.metagross
                species.ampharos
                species.steelix
                species.stunfisk

    Captivate:
        No longer cares about gender. 
        No longer cares about the category of the last move used. Instead evaluates if the pokemon in front of them is a primarily physical or special attacker. 
    
    Electro Ball 
    Chip Away
        No longer has any AI associated with it.
    












//   EVALUATE STATUS 

    There is new logic for each of the following groups of moves 

    setup_moves:
        move.swords_dance
        move.growth
        move.nasty_plot
        move.calm_mind
        move.work_up
        move.howl
        move.acupressure
        move.hone_claws
        move.meditate
        move.focus_energy
        move.amnesia
        move.iron_defense
        move.cosmic_power
        move.cotton_guard
        move.stockpile
        move.bulk_up
        move.belly_drum
        move.coil 
        move.barrier
        move.acid_armor
        move.defend_order
        move.defense_curl
        move.harden
        move.minimize
        move.tail_glow
        END

    If any enemy on the field sees a OHKO against the User and the User is FASTER than them, then they reduce score by 10
    Again, only if the user is FASTER. If slower, the AI might still go for set up. 




    setup_moves_speed:
        move.victory_dance
        move.quiver_dance
        move.dragon_dance
        move.double_team
        move.flame_charge
        move.shift_gear
        move.shell_smash
        move.agility
        move.rock_polish
        move.autotomize
        move.tailwind
        END

    If any enemy on the field sees a 2HKO vs. the user and the user would NOT be faster than all enemies after performing their setup move, 
    reduces score by 10. 



    debuff_moves:
        move.fake_tears
        move.screech
        move.leer
        move.scary_face
        move.string_shot
        move.sweet_scent
        move.tail_whip
        move.metal_sound
        END

    If any enemy sees a OHKO vs. the user, deprioritized by 10.
    If no enemy on the field can deal more than 25% damage to the user, high chance to reduce score by 10.



    debuff_moves_where_speed_matters:
        move.charm
        move.captivate
        move.confide
        move.growl
        move.tickle
        move.smokescreen
        move.eerie_impulse
        move.feather_dance
        END

    If the user doesn't have prankster and is slower than their target, has a moderate chance to reduce these moves' score by 2. 
    If no enemy on the field can deal more than 25% damage to the user, high chance to reduce score by 10.




    debuff_moves_that_apply_status:
        move.confuse_ray
        move.supersonic
        move.swagger
        move.flatter
        move.teeter_dance
        move.attract
        END

    If the user doesn't have prankster and is slower than their target, moderate chance of reducing score by 10. 






    Priority:
        If any enemy on the field sees a OHKO into the user and is faster than the user, has a very high chance to increase the score by 10. 


    Substitute:
        The AI can now properly see substitute and what moves will and won't have an effect.







//   DOUBLES 


    Hail:
        Now checks for ice body, slush rush, and snow cloak for a chance to increase score.

    Sandstorm:
        Now checks for Sand Force, Sand Veil, and Sand Rush for a chance to increase the score 

    Follow Me:
        Has a high (45%) chance to increase the score by 3 if the user takes negligible damage (25% or less) from opposing Pokemon on the field. 

    Earthquake:
        Now not guaranteed to increase score if ally Pokemon are flying types, levitating, or floating. About a 50% chance to increase score by 2 instead.
        Also checks to see the if the ally has Healer, Plus, Minus, Friend Guard, or Forewarn: with a high chance to increase score if so.


    Helping Hand:
        Now checks to see if the ally Pokemon already had a kill on a Pokemon on the field with a non-spread move. Deprioritizes by 10 if so. 
        Now checks to see fi the ally Pokemon has the move Helping Hand. If so, deprioritizes by 10.


    Electric Type Moves
        Discharge:
            Now checks to see if the defender's ally pokemon have Thunder Armor, Volt Absorb, Motor Drive, or Lightning Rod, with a high chance to deprioritize the move by 8 if they do.
            Now checks to see if the attacker's ally has Thunder Armor, Volt Absorb, Motor Drive, or Lightning Rod with a high chance to add 3 to score if they do.
            Also checks to see the if the ally has Healer, Plus, Minus, Friend Guard, or Forewarn: with a high chance to increase score if so.

        Spread Electric Moves:
            The AI will check if the defender's ally has Thunder Armor, Volt Absorb, Motor Drive, or Lightning Rod before using them. With a high chance to deprioriitze if so.

        Galvanize:
            If the attacker has galvanize, it will perform the spread electric checks for any spread Normal moves as well.


    Water Type Moves
        Surf:
            Now checks to see if the defender's ally pokemon have Dry Skin, Water Absorb, or Storm Drain, with a high chance to deprioritize the move by 8 if they do.
            Now checks to see if the attacker's ally has Dry Skin, Water Absorb, or Storm Drain with a high chance to add 3 to score if they do.
            Also checks to see the if the ally has Healer, Plus, Minus, Friend Guard, or Forewarn: with a high chance to increase score if so.

        Spread Water Moves:
            The AI will check if the defender's ally has Dry Skin, Water Absorb, or Storm Drain before using them. With a high chance to deprioriitze if so.

        Moisturize:
            If the attacker has Moisturize, it will perform the spread water checks for any spread Normal moves as well.


    Fire Type Moves 
        Removed the random flash fire check that adds a +1 Score. This should already be accounted for in the damage calc.

        Lava Plume:
            Now checks to see if the defender's ally has Well Baked Body or Flash Fire, with a high chance to reduce score if so
            Now checks to see if the attacker's ally has well baked body or flash fire, with a high chance to increase score if so
            Also checks to see the if the ally has Heatproof, Healer, Plus, Minus, Friend Guard, or Forewarn: with a high chance to increase score if so.

        
    Grass Type Moves 
        Petal Blizzard 
            Checks to see if defender ally has Sap Sipper. High Chance to deprioritize if so
            Checks to see if ally has Amplifier, Healer, Plus, Minus, Friend Guard, or Forewarn: with a high chance to increase score if so.


    Normal Type Moves:
        Boomburst
            Checks to see if ally has Amplifier, Healer, Plus, Minus, Friend Guard, or Forewarn: with a high chance to increase score if so.


    Wide Guard:
        Instead of checking the previously used move, now checks the current moves of the defender and the defender ally.
        Updated to account for all the new spread moves.





    Targeting Allies 

        Electric Moves:
            It is possible for the AI to target into an ally with Thunder Armor or Lightning Rod if they dont't have a mold breaker ability 
            and their Attack or Special Attack (respectively) is less than +2
            The AI will not target into an ally pokemon if it sees foes deal damage greater than 60% into it.
            It is no longer possible for the AI to target sideways into Volt Absorb

        Water Moves:
            It is possible for the AI to target into an ally with Storm Drain if their SpA boost stage is less than 2.
            The AI will not target into an ally pokemon if it sees foes deal damage greater than 60% into it.
            It is no longer possible for the AI to target sideways into Water Absorb or Dry Skin.

        Dark Moves
            If an ally Pokemon has justified, and the attacker deals less than 25% damage into it with their dark type move, chance to increase score by 1
            Fury Swipes gets a +3 score instead.
            The AI will not target into an ally pokemon if it sees foes deal damage greater than 60% into it.
        
        Weakness Policy
            If an ally has a Weakness Policy and the attacker's move is super effective, it will check two things:
                - The AI will not target into an ally pokemon if it sees foes deal damage greater than 60% into it.
                - Does my SE attack deal more than 33% damage to this ally Pokemon. If so, deprioritize.


        Entrainment
            The logic for Role Play has been placed onto Entrainment instead 

            There are two lists of great abilities.
            
            If the defender already has one of the abilities in list_A, deprioritizes
            If the defender does not have an ability in list_A and the user does, high chance to prioritize 
            If neither, then check if the defender already has one of the abilities in list_B. If so, deprioritizes 
            If the defender does not have an ability in list_B and the user does, high chance to prioritize 
            In either case, if not yet deprioritized, the AI will check incoming damage on the defender. If it is higher than 60%, deprioritizes. 
                list_A:
                    ability.permafrost
                    ability.friend_guard
                    ability.speed_boost
                    ability.intimidate
                    ability.pure_power
                    ability.huge_power
                    ability.fur_coat
                    ability.anticipation
                    ability.cursed_body
                    ability.moody
                    ability.plus
                    ability.minus
                    ability.aftermath
                    END

                list_B:
                    ability.solar_power
                    ability.dry_skin
                    ability.motor_drive
                    ability.rain_dish
                    ability.huge_power
                    ability.chlorophyll
                    ability.swift_swim
                    ability.ice_body
                    ability.sand_rush
                    ability.sand_veil
                    ability.snow_cloak
                    END

        Thunder Wave, Will-o-Wisp, Poisoning Moves 
            The AI can no longer side-target these moves into their allies under any condition.
        

        Swagger 
            Will now also check for Mist as well as Safeguard (since they do the same thing)
            Will now check to see incoming damage on that slot. If it's higher than 60%, will not use.
        

        Switcheroo / Fling / Bestow 
            The AI can no longer side-target these moves into their allies under any condition.


        Acupressure 
            Now checks to see incoming damage on the ally slot, if it's greater than 60%, deprioritized from targeting it

        Heal Pulse
            Now checks to see if the ally slot is taking more than 60% damage from attacks. If so, deprioritizes.
        