I like the concept, and I really don’t mean to hate, but the game design in this hack is straight up awful at times. I have potentially hundreds of questions regarding the design. Why make drowzee so stupid bulky and then put it in an unskippable early game battle? Why make Smeargle garbage only to then replace most gift mons with it instead of something useful? Why make Marshall a ground type elite four when clay exists? And why is Adaptability everywhere?

Again, I don’t mean to hate, it’s great to see people trying to make hacks for games, but this really doesn’t feel like it was playtested, especially for a game that was made to be nuzlocked. I’ve given three attempts and all three died to the FIRST ROUTE 2 TRAINER. Why would you give the first trainer an electric flying type Pidgey and a rattata with adaptability, at level 10, when the previous N fight was level 8.

I don’t want to bring you down or come off as negative, but in my opinion this hack should be play tested and you should likely tak some advice from other Pokemon rom hackers, because this design is straight up baffling.




If you want to discourage taking the gifts, then remove the gift trainers. Adaptability on normal types makes early game trainers (especially the first guy with rattata) stupid. Also, I can go to level 13, but if I’m expected to grind to 13 for the first trainer in a route with level 5-7 wilds, your game design is not good. Also, if drowzee is made to be bulky, then maybe don’t give early game trainers drowzee until you have the tools necessary to beat it.



If you expect people to pkhex levels, add rare candys to pokemarts for a pokedollar apiece, so Mac users like me that can’t use pkhex have this option. (MAC moment lmao) But if you’re designing your game around using rare candies instead of naturally gaining levels, you are poorly designing your game.



Even so, making your level curve revolve around just using rare candies seems odd when there are trainers (namely nurses and doctors) with high exp mons with only softboiled that are meant as exp grinding. Why include this if your game design is just to spam candies?



