

The player can encounter Giovanni in the back offices of the SM9 mall. 
He is here scheming to do... something. We don't need to go into too much detail but all that is important is that 
Giovanni is extending Team Rocket's operations into Unova. He is discussing this with two of his goons as you enter the room. 

1: Giovanni's discussion with the Goon 

2: Giovanni's second line of discussion with the GOon 

3: Goon respoonds 

4: Giovanni repsonds to the goon 

(Giovanni notices the player has entered)

5: Giovanni says sommething like "We're not alone" 

(Giovanni approaches the player)

6: RIGHT HAND GRUNT:  asks the kid who they are, whats their name. "TRNAME, huh?". 

7: RIGHT_HAND_GOON: Well you walked into the wrong office without knocking, TRNAME. Get 'em boys. 

(This triggers a tag battle with the two rocket agents.)

(After the battle they'll stagger back)

8: RIGHT_HAND_GOON: Alright, guess I'll need to handle this myself!\c 

9: Giovanni de-escalates. "That's enough. Let's talk like civilized people. Have you heard of Team Rocket?" 

10: (Player Reponds Yes) Of course you have, Team Rocket is famous. 

11: (Player Responds no) Good, we'd like to keep it that way. 

12: Giovanni: Team Rocket once aspired to taking over the world. These days we're happy making a profit and staying under the radar. 

13: Giovanni: We've been out of the pokemon stealing business for years. Now we only deal in legitimate merchandise. 

14: Giovanni: So, why don't we let this go. We'll both forget this ever happened, kid. 

(Player is given a yes/no prompt)

15: (Player says yes) Giovanni: Smart. Boys, show the kid out. 

16: (Player says no) (Music cuts out) Giovanni: That was stupid kid. I was ready to let you walk. 

17: Giovanni: Just remember I gave you the chance to walk away. 

(Battle starts)

18: (Player said yes initially but then returns) Giovanni: ...I thought I was pretty clear, kid. Not sure what you're thinking wandering back here again... are you trying to pick a fight? 

19: (Post battle) Giovanni will remark interesting. You remind me of another kid I knew, another thorn in my side. 

20: Giovanni: I know better than to pick fights with kids like you. Never goes well for us. Here's my new offer. 

21: Giovanni: Keep your mouth shut, and I'll give you access to our supplier upstairs. He can hook you up with shards, rare berries, 

(Yes/No Prompt)

22: (Players says yes) Giovanni: Good. Simply telll them the passphrase "apple" and they'll supply you the good stuff. And here. 

(Giovanni gives the player a permit)

23: Giovanni: This here is a permit to visit a rare protective habitat. We were gonna use it for... stuff. But doesn't seem worth kicking up such a fuss anymore. Just take this to the airport in Mistralton.

24: Giovanni: Now, get out of here kid. I won't warn you again . 

25 (Player said no) Giovanni: ...pity. 

26: Giovanni: Fine, let's move boys. We have other operations to attend to. 

27: Giovanni: Better watch out kid, if you keep sticking your nose in everyone's business one day someone will chop it off. 


[ IN SM9 OUTSIDE ]

(If you accepted Giovanni's offer, a grunt will be guarding the entrance to his room so you can't get back in)
1: Grunt's line of dialogue. 

(If you accepted Giovanni's offer, one of the shopkeepers now has new dialogue)
2: (Dialogue before offer) Extremely saccharine, sells Casteliacones or something stupid. Which would you like?

3: Casteliacone. 

4: Old Gateau 

5: Soda Pop 

6: (Only appears after talking to Giovanni) Rage Candy Bar

7: Quit 

8: Alright, that'll be X PokeDollars! 

9: Thanks for shopping with us. Have a wonderful day (spruce this up to be more corporate customer service speak)

10: (Dialogue after you pick Rage candy bar) ...really? You? Well, guess I'll show you the goods. 

11: Red Shards (x500)

12: Green Shards (x500)

13: Alright, keep it slick, chief. 



They don't notice you until they've revealed a little too much information. 
Giovanni approaches the player and asks them who they are, 